all right guys hello and the master here
to show you a nice fun little glitch
that I found and this is a glitch that
appeared in the MC MMO plugin I'm not
exactly sure how I triggered it but in a
nutshell I have infinite super breaker
and it will never end and this is a
fresh pick I made to test it and I
actually repaired this pick it had an
enchant on it before yeah I have no idea
how I triggered this glitch I was just I
was walking around in a ravine I dug up
some dirt and then after that I
activated super breaker and then broke
open some diamonds so after that I just
got infinite super breaker forever feel
free to try and recreate this I don't
know how it happened in the first place
but oh and there's the link so that I
can tell the plug-in maker because I do
want to report this because this is a
pretty awful glitch like this should not
be possible by any means like I mean I'm
kind of abusing it a little bit at the
moment but it still it should not be
possible this is a pretty then I don't
know if it's I wouldn't say minor but is
it major I don't know well I guess a lot
of it is mining so yeah I would call
this a major glitch of course it only
activates super breaker forever on the
pic so for this I still do have to go
very slowly and in the past 20 minutes
I went from whoopsie Daisy what the hell
man I lost my water have to use this
water anyway umm
he's like telling me how recording by
the way he's like here's the links and
then you can tell the plug-in maker
because this is a major issue
um yeah I just wanted to make this video
to kind of showcase the glitch again I
have no idea what happened but to repeat
her how it happened how to trigger it
but to repeat exactly what happened to
me you know I was going down in a ravine
I dug up some dirt and then directly
after that I switched to my pickaxe
because I saw diamond I placed some
water buckets down over the lava in the
ravine and then I um you know I
activated super breaker and broke open
some diamond door and ever since then
I've had this infinite super breaker and
I've tried disconnecting they've tried
kicking me and even if I did what I did
repaired the pickaxe lost the
enchantment I still kept it made a fresh
pickaxe tried it with that still kept
the infinite super breaker and before
the server owner when he was on he was
trying to figure out how to get rid of
it and we discovered that the only way
to get rid of this glitch is to actually
reboot the server entirely and therefore
restart the MC MMO plugin so I guess
there's some major glitch that should be
looked into because you know like I said
already this should not be possible
under any circumstances because this
makes it way too easy to just do
everything yep so ho that's the master
glitch reporting like a pro and yeah I
mean I could have kept this to myself
but I'd rather this get patched because
I don't want other people knowing but no
no I don't really have any reason I'm
just trying to be a good person that I
guess feel kind of bad because someone
else probably discovered it first and
kept their mouth shut
so he gave me a few links I'm going to
link the video and try to get
tact with the maker of MCM ml so yeah
guys this has been a glitch report with
the master and his uh his fire aspect to
diamond sword yes so uh I hope you all
have a good day I'm going on vacation
tomorrow so I won't be able to upload
any videos and I also don't have time to
render any real length videos so I'm
sorry but there won't be any new videos
over the next weekend or so just
apologizing now so yeah guys I will see
you all later